accept
Accept declarer's claim.  Must be used by each defender for a claim to
be accepted.

alert
"Alert some ... text ..." is equivalent equivalent to "explain Alert!
some ... text ..." and is traditionally used to self-alert bids or
carding that is slightly unusual.  "Redalert" should be used for highly
unusual bids or carding.

bid
Make a call.  For example, to bid 3 Notrump, do "bid 3n".  Each strain
is represented by a single letter: c for clubs, d for diamonds, h for
hearts, s for spades, and n for notrump.  "Bid p," "bid pass," "bid
x," "bid xx," "bid double," and "bid redouble" have the obvious
meanings.  Unless you have customized the bindings (see "bind"), the
word "bid" may be omitted ("3n" is the same as "bid 3n" and so on).

bind
Bind is used to create shorthand ways of specifying any command or
sequence of commands.  For example, "bind typ say Thanks, pard!" would
allow you to subsequently use "typ" as if it were a normal command.
Another example: Blue Club players might do "bind 1c bid 1c; explain
Blue club: 17+ points, any distribution."

bug
Do "bug <arbitrarily long one-line description>" and an email message
containing your description and a dump of some internal variables will
be sent to floater-bugs@priam.cs.berkeley.edu.  You may also send email
to floater-bugs@priam.cs.berkeley.edu by hand, of course.

c
Play your lowest club.

cards
Remind me what my cards were at the beginning of the hand.  May also
be used by kibitzers, with analogous meaning.

children
Show who gets messages from me in the communication tree.  Primarily
intended for debugging.

claim
As declarer, suggest to the defense that you are certain of some
number of tricks, and further play is not necessary.  The defenders
will be shown all four hands and may then use "accept" or "reject" and/or
continue playing.  Simply doing "claim" claims the rest of the tricks;
"claim 3" would mean a claim to make 3 of the remaining tricks;
"claim -2" would be a claim to make all but 2 of the
remaining tricks; "claim 0" means concede the rest; and "claim +3"
would be a claim for the contract plus 3 overtricks.

close
Stop hosting (or close) your table.  You must be hosting a table for
this to be allowed.

competitive
Turns on competitive mode.  This is the default.  Results will be
reported by email.

d
Play your lowest diamond.

deal
Go on to the next hand.  May only be used by the host of the table.

disconnect
Close all network connections.  You will become a "lurker."  If you
are hosting a table at the time you issue the command, it is
equivalent to "close."

down
A variant of the "claim" command.  For example, "Down 2" is a claim
for 2 fewer tricks than you have contracted for.

e (or east)
If the East seat is available, take it.

east (or e)
If the East seat is available, take it.

execute
Read a file and interpret the lines of the file as if they were typed
in on the command line at that moment.  E.g. "execute ~/floater/foo."

explain
Say something that everyone at the table except partner can hear.
This is typically used to explain conventional calls to the opponents
and kibitzers, among other things.

follow
Play the card of the named rank.  E.g. "follow k."  Unless you have
customized the bindings (see "bind"), the word "follow" may be omitted
("7" is the same as "follow 7" and so on).

h
Play your lowest heart.

host
Host a table.

join
Join a table.  You must specify the name of the host of the table you
wish to join, e.g., "join moe".  (Alternatively, you may specify an IP
address and port separated by a colon, e.g., "join 128.110.38.14:8765."
Or, to join a table hosted on your local machine, you may omit the IP
address and simply put the port number after a colon.)

kibbitz
If you are sitting North, South, East, or West, this is the way to get up.

last
Show the previous trick.

lho
Say something to your left-hand opponent.  E.g. "lho Is that for penalty?"

login
Connect to the login server and transmit your account name and
password.  In return, the login server will check your password and
authenticate you to let you play under that account name.  In
addition, a list of tables currently in play will be sent to you,
allowing the "tables" command to give up-to-date information.

make
A variant of the "claim" command.  With no arguments it is a claim to
make the contract exactly; with a positive integer argument it is a
claim to make 6 plus that number of tricks.

n (or north)
If the North seat is available, take it.

newuser
Log in as a new user (see also "login").

noncompetitive
Turns off competitive mode.  You will play the same hands as you
would otherwise, but results will not be reported by email.

north (or n)
If the North seat is available, take it.

opp
Say something just to your opponents.  Frequently one would use
"explain" instead so that the kibitzers could also hear.

parent
Show my parent in the communication tree.  Primarily intended for debugging.

password
Change the password for an account.

previous
Show the previous hand.

play
Play a card.  Cards are specified suit first, rank second.  For
example, "play c3" would play the 3 of clubs.  Unless you have
customized the bindings (see "bind"), the word "play" may be omitted
("c2" is the same as "play c2" and so on).

quit
Terminate Floater.

randomplay
Toggle a switch that, when set, causes automatic random plays or bids
whenever it is your turn.  Intended for debugging.

redalert
"Redalert some ... text ..." is equivalent equivalent to "explain Red Alert!
some ... text ..." and is traditionally used to self-alert bids or
carding that is highly unusual.  "Alert" should be used for only slightly
unusual bids or carding.

reject
Reject declarer's claim.  A rejection from either defender nixes the
claim regardless of what the other defender may have done.  Others at
the table are shown only that the claim was rejected, not by whom.

retract
Declarer may use this command to retract a claim.

review
Review the auction.

rho
Say something to your right-hand opponent.  E.g. "rho What is 2D?"

s
If the south seat is available, try to sit down.  Otherwise, if you
are seated and it is your turn to play a card, play your lowest spade. 

say
Say something to everyone present.  E.g. "say Hello There!"

score
Select the form of scoring for subsequent deals.  The valid uses of
the command are "score IMP" and "score MP."  See also "competitive"
and "noncompetitive."

south (or s)
If the South seat is available, take it.

spec
Become a double-dummy spectator.

tables
List all tables.

w (or west)
If the West seat is available, take it.

west (or w)
If the West seat is available, take it.

who
List who is at the table I am at.

.
Play your smallest card of the suit led.
